---


---

<p>Shield Compliance Customer Terms of Use These Shield Compliance System Terms of Use (these “Terms”) are a binding agreement between Shield Compliance (the “Company”) and the person or entity (the “Customer”) accessing the Shield Compliance System software (the “Software”). These Terms govern the Customer’s access to and use of the Software. If you are using the Software on behalf of an entity, by accessing and using the Software, you represent that you have the authority to bind the Customer, its affiliates, and all users who access or use the Software on behalf of the Customer.</p>
<ol>
<li>License. The Company hereby grants the Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Software solely for its own internal business purposes, subject to these Terms. Any modifications or updates to the Software made available to the Customer are to be considered part of the Software and will be subject to these Terms.<br>
<strong>2.  Ownership of Software.</strong> The licensor, Shield Compliance, LLC, owns or holds licenses to all right, title, and interest, including all copyright, trademark, patent and any other proprietary and intellectual property rights embodied in the Software. The Customer has no rights to the Software other than the rights granted in these Terms.<br>
<strong>3.  Login Credentials and Security.</strong> The Company will provide the Customer with login credentials to access the Software (“Login Credentials”). Upon termination or expiration of the Customer’s license for any reason, the Customer’s Login Credentials will be disabled. The Customer must maintain the confidentiality of its Login Credentials and is responsible for all activities associated with its Login Credentials.<br>
<strong>4. Support Services.</strong> For customer support and service related issues or questions, please contact Shield Compliance by email to <a href="mailto:customer.support@shieldbanking.com">customer.support@shieldbanking.com</a>, Monday – Friday during regular business hours and days of operation.<br>
<strong>5. Confidentiality.</strong><br>
5.1 Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means (i) any idea, proposal, plan, information, procedures, technique, formula, technology, or method of operation, any written or oral information of a proprietary nature, and any trade secrets or other intellectual property owned by the Company or by any third party to whom the Company has an obligation of confidentiality; and (ii) any other information designated by the Company as confidential or that may be reasonably presumed to be confidential. Confidential Information does not include (a) information that has been published or is otherwise readily available to the public other than by a breach of these Terms; (b) information that has been rightfully received by the Customer from a third party without confidentiality obligations; © information that was independently developed by the Customer without reference to the Confidential Information; or (d) information that was known to the Customer prior to its first receipt from the Company.<br>
5.2 Obligations. The Customer will hold Confidential Information in strict confidence, and will disclose Confidential Information only to those of its employees or agents who require such disclosure. The Customer will use or disclose the Confidential Information only as is required under these Terms or by applicable law; provided that the Customer will notify Company prior to any disclosure required by applicable law and will take reasonable steps to minimize the extent of such disclosure. The Customer will immediately report to the Company any threatened or actual unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information that comes to the Customer’s attention.<br>
<strong>6. Notification of Security Breach.</strong> The Customer will notify the Company immediately following the discovery of any incident that involves or reasonably may involve the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or loss of any Confidential Information, Login Credentials, or other proprietary information, and will cooperate fully with the Company in its response to such unauthorized access, use, disclosure, or loss.<br>
<strong>7. Compliance with Law.</strong> The Customer will comply with all applicable technology control or export laws and any applicable law, statute, and regulations.<br>
<strong>8. Informing Staff.</strong> The Customer will inform its employees of the obligations stated in these Terms. The Customer is responsible for any breach of the obligations by its employees, contractors, and consultants.<br>
<strong>9. Term/Termination.</strong><br>
9.1 Term. These Terms and the license granted herein are effective when the Customer first accesses the Software and continue until terminated as set forth herein.<br>
9.2 Termination by Customer. Customer may terminate the license and these Terms at any time by written notice to the Company.<br>
9.3 Termination by the Company. The Company may terminate the license and these Terms and suspend Customer’s access to the Software without notice due to (i) the Customer’s failure to comply with these Terms or (ii) the termination or expiration of the agreement with Shield Compliance, LLC.<br>
<strong>10. Disclaimer of Warranties.</strong> THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, AND SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THESE TERMS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” THE COMPANY MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SUCH AS WARRANTIES OF PERFORMANCE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Although the Company believes the Software to be reliable for business use, the Company does not warrant that access or use of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free. The Company does not warrant that support services or any updates or maintenance to the Software will result in an improvement to the Software, a solution to any problem the Customer may have with the Software, or error-free operation of the Software. This disclaimer of warranties applies to all statements, oral or written, made by the Company, its agents, or any third party in connection with the Software, and no such statements will be deemed to create a warranty in the Software.<br>
<strong>11. Limitation of Liability.</strong> THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY TO THE CUSTOMER ON ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS SHALL BE LIMITED TO DIRECT DAMAGES AND SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF THE FEES PAID BY THE CUSTOMER FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITITVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR REVENUE) OF CUSTOMER OR ANY THIRD PARTY, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE CUSTOMER MAY BRING NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF FORM, ARISING OUT OF THE SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, OR SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER MORE THAN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE ACCRUAL OF THE CLAIM ON WHICH THE CAUSE OF ACTION IS BASED.<br>
<strong>12. Indemnity.</strong> The Customer will indemnify the Company against any loss, liability, or costs (including reasonable attorney fees at trial or in any other proceeding) incurred on account of its use of the Software, whether or not attributable to the Software’s operation.<br>
<strong>13. Third-Party Beneficiary.</strong> The Customer acknowledges that Shield Compliance, LLC, is a third-party beneficiary of these Terms, and will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against the Customer as a third-party beneficiary.<br>
<strong>14. Attorney Fees.</strong> In any arbitration or litigation relating to these Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover all reasonable expenses of arbitration or litigation, including reasonable attorney fees at trial and on any appeal or petition for review, as determined by the judge or arbitrator.<br>
<strong>15. Miscellaneous.</strong> Provisions that could reasonably be expected to survive termination will remain in effect following termination or expiration of these Terms. No modification or waiver of the provisions of these Terms will be binding unless made in writing and signed by both parties. If any restriction in these Terms exceeds that permitted under applicable law, it will be deemed modified to include the maximum permissible restriction. If any provision is nonetheless held unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the enforceability of these Terms in any other jurisdiction and the enforceability of the remaining provisions in that jurisdiction will not be affected.</li>
</ol>

